Update README.md with shared context loading example (#3051)
rspec/rspec-core: README.md

more accurate naming when you share hooks, `let` declarations, helper methods,
etc, but no examples.

> If you want to reuse shared context between multipple specs you can put it into
> a file(`foo.rb`) under a separate directory(`spec/support/shared_contexts`).
> In this case you have to require the context in each spec with
> ```ruby
> require 'spec/support/shared_contexts/foo.rb'
> ```
> or you can require every context inside the directory by placing this code
> ```ruby
> Dir['spec/support/**/*.rb'].each do |f|
>   require File.expand_path(f)
> end
> ```
> into the  _spec_helper.rb_ file.
> 
> The directory structure and the way ruby files are included completely depends
> on your needs.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to reuse shared examples or contexts across your RSpec suite you can
define them in a stand alone file like `spec/support/shared_examples/definition.rb`
but you will have to manually require them (there is no autoloading of
`spec/support` unless you set it up yourself).
```
